---
title: Overview
description: Explore a smooth transition from VideoSDK to Twilio for enhanced video capabilities. Discover the seamless migration process and unlock a new level of video communication with our comprehensive guide..
keywords:
  - Overview
slug: overview
# authors:
#   - name: Joel Marcey
#     title: Co-creator of Docusaurus 1
#     url: https://github.com/JoelMarcey
#     image_url: https://github.com/JoelMarcey.png
#   - name: Sébastien Lorber
#     title: Docusaurus maintainer
#     url: https://sebastienlorber.com
#     image_url: https://github.com/slorber.png
tags: [Migration Guide, Twilio, Overview]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

<!-- truncate -->

## **Greetings, Twilio Developers!**

As we begin the journey from Twilio Video to VideoSDK, let's consider the exciting features that await you:

**1. Global real-time communication:**

- VideoSDK has a robust global infrastructure for seamless video and audio communication across the globe. Expect the best experience in real-time connectivity.

**2. Classic Call Quality, Reliability, Scalability, Security:**

- VideoSDK maintains a commitment to classic call quality, offering reliability, scalability and strong security measures. Your applications are in good hands with a solid foundation.

**3. Facilitated Communication:**

- Elevate your projects with a diverse feature set including audio, video, screen share, chat, participatory moderation, and more. VideoSDK enhances the richness of your communication applications.

**4. Easy integration with REST API and Webhooks:**

- Seamlessly integrate VideoSDK into your existing workflow with the ease of [REST API](https://docs.videosdk.live/api-reference/realtime-communication/intro) and [Webhooks](https://docs.videosdk.live/api-reference/realtime-communication/user-webhooks). Enjoy smooth transitions while maintaining flexibility and extensibility.

### **Migration Guide**

Explore our comprehensive migration guides designed to seamlessly transition your existing Twilio Video implementation to leverage the power of the VideoSDK. Select your platform below to access step-by-step instructions and ensure a smooth conversion.

import SupportSDKList from '../src/theme/SupportedSDKListContainer'

<SupportSDKList  />

### **Feature Boost**

VideoSDK not only matches but surpasses Twilio Video with [additional features](/tutorials/twilio-feature-map). This migration is not just a transfer; It's an upgrade to a world of enhanced possibilities. Elevate your applications effortlessly!
