---
title: Twilio to Video SDK Migration Guide
description: Explore a smooth transition from VideoSDK to Twilio for enhanced video capabilities. Discover the seamless migration process and unlock a new level of video communication with our comprehensive guide..
keywords:
  - Overview
slug: overview
# authors:
#   - name: Joel Marcey
#     title: Co-creator of Docusaurus 1
#     url: https://github.com/JoelMarcey
#     image_url: https://github.com/JoelMarcey.png
#   - name: Sébastien Lorber
#     title: Docusaurus maintainer
#     url: https://sebastienlorber.com
#     image_url: https://github.com/slorber.png
tags: [Migration Guide, Twilio, Overview]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

<!-- truncate -->

## **Greetings, Twilio Developers!**

We're thrilled to welcome you on your journey from Twilio Video to VideoSDK! As you begin your migration, prepare to embrace a world of exciting possibilities.

VideoSDK offers a global infrastructure for seamless video and audio communication around the world, while its unwavering commitment to classic call quality provides reliability, scalability, and robust security. Bring your projects to life with a variety of features including audio, video, screen sharing, chat, and participatory moderation.

The Video SDK integrates seamlessly into your existing workflow with the ease of [REST API](https://docs.videosdk.live/api-reference/realtime-communication/intro) and [Webhooks](https://docs.videosdk.live/api-reference/realtime-communication/user-webhooks), ensuring a smooth transition while maintaining flexibility and extensibility.

Please explore the resources in this guide and feel free to contact our support team with any questions or concerns.

### **Migration Guide**

We are committed to making this migration process as easy and efficient as possible. This step-by-step guide will serve as your roadmap, providing comprehensive instructions and valuable insights to ensure a successful transition.

import SupportSDKList from '../src/theme/SupportedSDKListContainer'

<SupportSDKList  />

### **Feature Boost**

VideoSDK not only matches but surpasses Twilio Video with [additional features](/tutorials/twilio-feature-map). This migration is not just a transfer; It's an upgrade to a world of enhanced possibilities. Elevate your applications effortlessly!

We are excited to welcome you to the VideoSDK community and look forward to empowering your projects with the future of video communication.

import Footer from '../src/theme/TutorialsFooterContainer'

<Footer/>
